having listened to your recent appearance on the sevan podcast i would like to ask:<br><br>why is there not programming on the main site for people without access to an array of equipment. i have a bit of equipment but not all i would like to follow along but can’t find alternative for when a pull up bar of ghd is required.
hello dave, i am visiting the usa next week coming from europe and wanted to do a drop-in at the crossfit ranch but its 75$ for one session, why is it so expensive? have a good day
the community feedback was to better highlight the age group and adaptive divisions, your answer is to get rid of them completely? at the very least, nobull must remain the gear sponsor and it must be called &#39;the crossfit games - teens/masters/adaptive&#39;. otherwise the prestige of reaching that level has gone.
morning dave, may i respectfully request you reconsider announcing the open workouts. the last few years the pizzazz or the connection with the athletes i feel was lost when the announcements were delivered without any practice or enthusiasm. your delivery brought a certain anticipation and challenge to the workout. &quot;here ya go, try to do this one&quot;. if not you,  maybe the same person so they can learn and develop their own style. having people that are not primally focused on &quot;working the camera&quot; takes something away from the announcement. i mean this very respectfully.
i hope that crossfit can see what a difference a tshirt made for signup of the rogue &quot;c&quot; challenge. getting that shirt, that reward, that memorabilia got people to sign up that wouldnt have otherwise. and you saw from fitness freedom, the street parking community would sign up to clean miranda and julian&#39;s bathrooms if we got a shirt or a patch even 😅. hoping crossfit sees the value in driving the sign ups for the open in having some memorabilia you only get by signing up.
cf as a sport is circling the drain.  will live on but nothing like it once was.
your commentary about being able to better allocate resources to formerly less-focused on groups is spot-on. i look forward to seeing even more growth for the sport.
i think the change is a great idea. the &quot;other groups&quot; get lost now. now, they can shine.
i’m not so sure about this. you are saying these groups were an after thought at the games, but i’m not sure anyone competing ever felt that way. i know there were definitely spectators who watched age groups even though they were there mainly for the indi competition and now that they are at different locations, they will have an even smaller fan base. for the teens in particular, i can assure you it will be family and close friends only that travel to watch them.
no stash...no &quot;games&quot; athlete title. once the point.
gday dave. hope your well mate.<br>i’m interested to know the the story of how lt mike murphy and the famous murph workout started in its inception from your perspective. i ask because you had previously replied to me about hero workouts only are made if the fallen were crossfitters do one degree or another.
re: bodybuilder’s comment from l/w, “one mocks what one doesn’t understand”
how about if the masters/teens champions are invited to the games for one special workout - pull out the hopper, throw in workouts from previous games - and see if these athletes can beat the winner times? this event would be great &quot;filler&quot; between individual &amp; teams workouts and you could easily invite 10 men and 10 women.
hey d ! will national champions come back to the games?
so are the winners of age group and adaptive events &quot;crossfit games&quot; champions or something else?
hey dave,  just a thought.  how about inviting the champions from the adaptive / masters comps to the games? they can be acknowledged in front of the larger crowd during the games.  just prior to the champions of the games comp being announced.
good evening dave. excited for the expansion of the number of masters qualifiers. hope, specifically, the adaptive athletes get solid video coverage on par with the individual game athletes.
bad lighting or you trying to grow a stash! looks good
as poorly as cf has done the last 6 years it&#39;s bizarre you still have a job.   you should have some respect for hq and quit, let someone with new ideas take over.
dave,  handsome devil 😊. please don&#39;t broadcast my comment. just want to say you&#39;re the best thing and influence in crossfit 💯!  okay with the move. it could be the best ever or not. i think most attendees were crews, family, and friends of all the other athletes. maybe you have stats the show otherwise. if you could have all divisions complete the same location with a 10 day time-line. that way all those traveling would definitely stay longer to enjoy the venue and be able to watch, for a price of course. teams running other divisions could go in their chuck of days and end with the elites the last chunk of days with fresh organizers. easier for setup, equipment shipping, media, etc.. money saver for everyone.. win win right? if wza can successfully do all they do, you guys could surely pull it all off within 2 weeks and same venue.  remember, we&#39;re all doing the open at the same time. the finals should have relative prep time.. no?? love ya, dave! i&#39;m just unloading my thoughts or hopes.
liked, subscribed, watched on @sevanpodcast. awesome updates and lessons.
that was probably sevan calling.
what is the fire thing outside that is always behind you?
hey dave. is the games going to open up more indy and teams at the games? regionals again??
will you ever do another event like the lift move work you did in 2021? kind of like a mini open 3-4 months before the actual open?
excellent wir. i especially enjoyed your concluding comments. thank you for keeping us informed and up to date.
looking forward to seeing age groups and adaptive athletes . so inspiring. hope they will be streamed.
as a fan, i&#39;m super disappointed. in the past, a fan could go to one location for one week and see all the groups at one venue. it will now be impossible due to time and finances for the average fan to go to multiple venues and events.
good move on splitting events and venues. a: continuous evolution and trying new things is  inherently good (how else will we move forward?) . b: this opens up new possibilities for age groups and adaptive athletes.  for instance fitness collective and legends are already including masters-teams in their events this fall. c: if it results in better games for the elites and a fans, awesome.
this is a big move!… but.. hear me out…the masters payout needs to improve to get the “legends” (froning, fraser, khalipa and smith) to actually compete, leveraging their followings/influence in the the space
tripple fran… i like it! future games event?
i get the reasoning, but my concern is that making them separate competitions from the games, the age groups and adaptive athletes are not likely to have the same external funding as the cf games.  i think unless cf is determined to ensure near equal level of sponsorship that makes these viable competitive events, i see this as something that will eventually fade away.  caveat: i am a senior cf individual, but never came to cf to attend this level of competition.  there are times when i already don’t feel part of cf as being oldest one in my gym. i don’t know that this will have that effect, that is making cf only for those between 20 - 40 years of age.  just my $0.02.
you talked all about the benefits to crossfit, to the age group/adaptive athletes but you completely miss who will drive the growth of crossfit as a money making sport which is the casual spectator like me. i need to see my favorite athletes compete in a season ending with a championship. that&#39;s what makes me part with my money directly to crossfit as a spectator, buy sponsors products travel to venues etc. i love crossfit but spend way more money on the olympics, f1 masters, tennis and even football/baseball which i have little interest in but can easily go to a couple of games a season with friends/family.<br><br>unfortunately this feels like crossfit trying to streamline their cost structure and hoping like hell that these other groups (i.e. legends, pit ranch etc.) can somehow make the age group/adaptive/teen work. it appears that crossfit is still looking at things from the inside out instead of from the outside in. the primary question should be what will make a general sports fan become a crossfit fan. this will in turn provide the money for the athletes, crossfit as a for profit company etc. (please note i am not at all talking about crossfits other worthy goals of community, getting people healthy etc. i am just talking about how to make the sport of crossfit a profitable, sustainable growing sport.) <br><br>as an example of the issues not being addressed is that having gone to the crossfit games now for 5 years i found it impossible to get coliseum tickets but when i did snag single day tickets on the secondary market usually at least half of the seats in the coliseum were empty. now i know those seats were paid for (by affiliate members) but you missed the opportunity to grow the sport. if it wasn&#39;t for the northpark masters/teenage divisions i would have quit going to the games after the first time. i also quit trying to bring my family/go with friends because tickets were simply not easily available. why not sell tickets to individual tests/events like the olympics do. i could choose to bring my whole family to a couple of events on an early day and then pay for other events on the marquis sunday. those with family competing could buy more tickets to the events their family were competing in. tickets could have differential pricing etc. to drive nearly 100 percent buts in seats instead of seat sales. these changes would help grow the spectator base and would have cost crossfit nothing extra except some pricing strategy. <br><br>as always just one opinion.
how does a regular person get the opportunity to buy the olive oil since going to spectate at rogue etc are not possible
will the payout change for the age group winners and adaptive?  also, will no bull sponsor the age group and adaptive still?
what are the chances of having crossfit games for fittest teens, fittest &amp; fittest masters spaced 4 months apart?
crossfit in ncaa <br>🦗 🦗 <br><br>crossfit in the olympics <br>🦗 🦗 <br><br>but hey, let’s comment on the bodybuilder guy though 👍heaven forbid you comment on something worth while. 😒 <br><br>i get it. you can’t comment on things that you don’t have an answer for. all good man. keep it petty and superficial. that’s the way these days, like cnn. can’t be real and potentially spill your candy. that’s not good for ratings. <br><br>*snowboarding was absolutely hated on so much so that a few ski resorts still to this day won’t allow snowboarders on the mountain, two of which are in utah, one in vermont. and yet snowboarding was recognized by the olympics in 1994, roughly 17yrs after it became known (meaning companies like burton and gnu offered a product for us to buy and learn on our own.) <br><br>i knew about crossfit back in 2008. my buddy had his affiliate in 2007. so dude, what’s the deal? any progress on ncaa or usoc? why so silent about it? or do you just have an issue with me??? like i care.
i am a two time master games athlete and this is an awesome move. great decision dave and cfhq
tremendous! i&#39;m a 55 year old law enforcement officer 🎉i&#39;ll start training now! 💪 💪
when can we expect to see a crossfit games schedule? ex. thursday 10am-6pm, friday 9am-5pm, saturday 9am-7pm, sunday 9am-3pm?
dave are you going to bail on crossfit when glassman starts up a new cross functional movement that will compete against crossfit?
question, from on prize money perspective, how will this effective prize money for athletes?
ben smith, great choice, great champ! he&#39;s contributing a lot to the sport.
i think the changes are good, gives more people an opportunity to compete and the highest level. i am interested to see what the qualification process will be for those divisions. on that note (qualification process), i have an idea/ proposal for a change to the team qualification process. last year there was lack of team participation at the “team quarterfinal” stage, so much so that there were regions that had less teams participate in quarterfinals than they had spots allotted for semifinals. <br>the problem = not enough “teams” do the open so the pool of teams is too small to begin with. <br>the solution = crossfit should automatically grant each affiliate that has 2+ men and 2+ women doing the open one team, and each affiliate will then be represented on the team leaderboard. *if an affiliate wants 2+ teams in the mix, the they can go through the same process (from last year) to create additional teams. <br>this solution is a win-win ... the team competition gets more participation, each affiliate is represented on the team leaderboard which increases affiliate excitement and over open participation, and the “affiliate cup” competition beings with nearly every affiliate participating. <br>this idea comes from a proud affiliate owner of salty hive crossfit (105+ open sign-ups the last two years), a cfl3, and someone that believes that the games can support the affiliate’s mission and vise verse. <br>glad you’re back dave, keep up the wirs.
hey dave, will crossfit hq be involved in the programming for the teens, masters and adaptive now that’s it’s separate from the games?
this change makes so much sense. i never had the time to watch anything but the main events, sometimes even just the women, but i&#39;d love more crossfit to watch other times of the year.
are these different competitions gonna have their own qualifier seems to make more sense than doing the open
headset?
hi dave,<br><br>let me start with my question, as my comment maybe too long for you to read during your wir. in the past, jmac played a big role in the age group divisions during the games so what role, if any, will he have?  now to my comment, as a fellow master&#39;s athlete, i wholeheartedly agree with your perspective and decision on separating the age group/adaptive groups in competitions. this separation is not only necessary and crucial for the athletes but also significantly enhances the viewer experience. i&#39;ve been part of crossfit since 2007 in many forms i.e coach, regional judge, affiliate owner, cfe staff member, athlete, and fan.  i have attended every cf games (except for the first one) since the games has been created and from my perspective the current format took away from the crossfit games experience.  separating divisions only enhances the experience for both the athlete and the spectator. viewers can appreciate the distinct skill sets, strategies, and efforts employed by athletes in different age and adaptive categories. it allows a nuanced appreciation of the diverse talents on display, rather than a generalized overview that might not do justice to the participants&#39; individual achievements. so for me, this was a great move. thank you and keep doing what you do. big fan! <br><br><br>best,<br>fernando david
great 👍 news 🗞️
good luck with the new format for the games.. <br>is the affiliate model dead?  it seems there is little value added by the brand since its popularity is waning.<br>i love the crossfit methodology, not sold on the subscription though.
legends runs a great competition. i&#39;m blessed to have shared the floor there with many great athletes. it&#39;s time to trust the process and grow together. hope to see you and the team in tempe.
i have an opinion on this. you may be right that in the end this will be better for age groups and adaptives. more competitors qualifying, more attention, all of those things are great. but it won’t have the same luster of the “crossfit games.” for example, a masters athlete can now say they’re a crossfit games champion. next year they’ll have to say “i’m a legends champion, which is the finals of the crossfit season, which used to be at the crossfit games but now has it’s own thing.” also as a competitor, i think athletes will be less excited about the season overall knowing they won’t be able to compete on the biggest stage of the year, right alongside with the top elite athletes of the sport. i see the crossfit games as the season ending fitness festival for all competitors, and this takes that feeling away.
dave - for the teens, adaptive and masters athletes the big question is - will it still be called the crossfit games for those groups or will it default to each of the legacy names of those competitions?
@davecastro, i have an idea for how to increase the competitive edge at the games and introduce a new unknown and unknowable. it would work best only if it came to the athletes as surprise at the games. why don’t you introduce a 2” pull-up bar for t2b, pull-ups etc? if you do feature this on your next wir can you please bleep out the idea to keep it a surprise if you do do it.
awesomeness, i’m not the biggest fan of the change but i do believe change is necessary. hoping the other events get all the needed support to make this change a good one!
like this overall.  will it mean adding more age groups, (even if it’s just for the open for starters) eg 70-74, 75-79, 80-84 etc.
big fan dave. to make the open matter again, how about that the games athletes (40) have their open position ranked campares to the others that nakenit to the games ( 1st get 100 points, 2nd gets 96 points etc) and applying those points to the games, maybe call it event 0.5?
dave! you ever read &quot;born to run&quot;? i think you&#39;d like it
